station you're coaching an organization
that is either just starting out or
you know wants to get more involved in a
digital marketing perspective
what are some of the um like low hanging
fruit what's like the five things that
just about every company could do today
um to get started on their digital
marketing journey
sure so i'd say probably first and
foremost
as an organization or even if you're a
solopreneur entrepreneur
you need a solid website so or at least
a landing page a solid site is a
foundation
to basically showcase what you could do
how you can help people and allow people
to get in touch with you um because if
not if it's not clearly
showcasing exactly what you do the
problem or the pain you solve
how you can make people's or businesses
life better as soon as people land on it
the chances are people are gonna
get bored head to another site that is
clear and it does
take them on the journey that they want
to go on or just get confused right
or get confused yeah clarity is king i'm
preaching this so much at the moment
clarity is king and you're messaging and
whether you're marketing whether you're
in sales if you're not clear on what you
can do the problem you solve
and how to do business with you what's
the point you're just going to lose
people
um so yeah having a solid website that's
nice and fast that looks great appeals
to your target audiences it's clear and
it's easy to get in touch with you look
at demo whatever you want people to do